

	In this part of the book will explain what requirements that this program provides to the user. This part will be divided into three important points which are listening, Pronunciation and reading.

1.Audio with several texts and one of them are correct:
  One of the imporant goals that this project aims to make is audio regonizing, so user can regonize which the correct text that he heared in the audio and choose which text is correct.

2.Audio and then the sentence with missing words.
  In the other hand detecting the missing words to make it easy for user to hear the audio and read the text that the program shows then detect the missing words in the text that supposed to contain the all of the audio words.
	
  In another part in this program is detecting the text's mistake, User also able to hear the audio then determine word's wrong spelling or sentance's wrong grammer  

 In the puzzle section, the user can hear the audio and then find the missing words and complete the space with any words using his imagination or choose from several choices.

  User also can know if any word is missed in the text using the part of word's existence,In this section the user will hear the recording and then identify the words spoken and the words that didn't exist, The program provides the advantage of converting audio to text, In this case the user will listen to the audio recording and then convert it to writing text.

  In addition, the user can use another feature, which is to listen to more than one sentence in more than one text and specify the common word in all texts and write them. It can also compare text and audio recording so that user can insert text and record and then the program compares and determine the difference or errors.

  In the last part of this paragraph there is also a good advantage to the user is that the user can use the program to differentiate between words similar to the pronunciation according to different places where the program speaks more than the whole and then heard by the user and determines the difference and here we have finished the part of hearing.



	After the completion of the hearing part we move to the part which is also very important part, it is the pronunciation, in this paragraph the user will practice all kinds of pronunciation.
The first point in this paragraph is that the user read a word or sentence or text and then the program assesses the validity of this pronunciation also corrects mistakes and then the user to utter again and so on.

  In the second point the program will display and pronounce of the word in more than one format so that the user can distinguish between the correct and the wrong pronunciation and choose the correct one.
In another point the program will display the same word or sentence itself but different in pronunciation the user should recognize the word.

  At this point the program will utter certain text to be heard by the user and then the user will utter the text after hearing it, The program will evaluate this pronunciation and determine its validity, If it is proven wrong, the user will be asked to repeat it again.

 This point is very similar to the second point with some variations, but here the program puts more than one audio recording of a particular text so that the user can determine which of these recordings contain correct pronunciation.

  In the last part of this section, the program gives the user the opportunity to make voice conversations so that the user utters a sentence or a question to be answered by the program or vice versa until finishing the conversation.
This feature makes the user feel like he is in a real training session, And in this point we have finished this paragraph's discussion.




  






			